expected by 20 October next
sims 3 animals and company and the new
episode of the great saga sim this planned
on pc xbox 360 playstation 3 and 3ds
on this occasion the famous singer
shy'm and his little warhol chihuahua have
been chosen to be the ambassadors
of the game together they will discover
all the manufacturing secrets of this
brand new game with the developers
and whose previous episodes child
had flown to San Francisco to
to go to the premises
of electronic arts or the game is
developed
the opportunity for the singer of you
visit the studios and
discover one of the great assets of the game
the creative tool to do this warhol
had been fully modeled for
give a good overview of the possibilities
enormous of the creation of animals in
the game by the way after discovering
the horse the exclusive animal of the
pc version
today we will discover the
peculiarities of consoles
whose famous mystery quests
special that michael cox is one of
producers of the game describes you so to
test this big one of the novelties of the
game is a mode dubbed the emissary
that can be compared to sorts of
little stories to tell
they allow you to walk around
outside with your cat your dog
your sims to discover plenty of
new things
it's a set of things that
requires you to go out get some
rewards discover things
unpublished or meet other sims
you'll have lots of fun activities
like that except in itself
the sims 3 animals and company will be
also the opportunity to use a new
system the karma powers use the
to make happiness or misfortune
your sims
take control of their lives through
his special powers that you
allow to play on the mood and the
temperament of your virtual beings
some karma power can resurrect
a sims or turn it into an animal and
then if the envied tempts you you can
even change your old cat or
Conversely
after a little explanation he told us
makes a presentation with a small
story in the game where there was a
dog of all colors
multicolored who was assaulted because
that he did not feel good about himself and
is another who was another each
was rather rather nice extra ryan he
there really is everything we can do
finally no yahia not
mix has no barrier and his skis
explain myself with with his demonstration
I think there is a real evolution
at the level of graphics and realism
finally
so at home I got the wii that I
given my little brother but I loved the
wii and I replaced with the xbox with
I took the kinect too to be able to
test tomorrow
because I preferred it is that we
can play now at the sims on the
kinect and that one can control his
character sims perso or animals by the
voice command and that was so damn
really good enough funny
and to finish this tour of the studios
at electronic arts chime surrendered
at the san francisco zoo to try to
find warhol she thought was lost
the poor by dint of seeing animals
everywhere in a virtual way had wanted
to find his family
happily shy'm to find her and in
good company drew its opinion the
giraffes we've seen rhinoceros had
monkeys of lions who slept it was
nice we laughed a lot we did a
little crazy children
finally I went back to childhood
for a few
a few hours
in the next episode cham will make you
discover the simlish the language of the sims
and even reserve you a little surprise